No
do not feed your baby well and skin him
outside leather than three liquid
feces your pediatrician every day
diarrhea is certain
diarrhea can be caused by them
fire back or a crown
what happens in it
your baby's digestive system
the milk that baby has drunk makes way
passes a path through the slope down
through the stomach and eventually comes
end up in the small intestine
there the nutrients
broken down by the body
deployed
the nutrients that are not used
continue their way to the
large intestine
the main function of the fat
gut is absorbing water from the
nutrients and food scraps
convert into a semi-solid matter
bowel movements at the same time caused colon
make sure the bowel movements are adequate
remains liquid by removing water
divorce
if this goes well
does your baby have a smooth bowel movement
when you have baby he is one
digestive tract infected with
a virus or a global
destroyed that virus or microbes
microvilli in the small intestine
this means more water
separated accelerated bowel movements and
We can enzymes the nutrients
do not break off
when the nutrients than the thick
reaching the gut are not enough
digested
as a result, too much water enters the
large intestine and becomes bowel movements
even more fluid what is the solution
It is important to first and foremost it
too much lost water now
balance
so give your baby enough water
drink
even without copied I can do the
help regulate the seat
these good bacteria fight from nature
rides against viruses and microbes and
stimulate the growth of microvilli in the
small intestine
this is how the stool speed becomes
are delayed and normalized
nutrients broken down is the water
mechanism in the colon
a balance and the stool is not
longer liquid
your baby is not feeling better leave
lie pediatrician for more information